doc: add Bitbucket Cloud docs (#4887)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/external_service/bitbucket_cloud.md

# Bitbucket Cloud

Site admins can sync Git repositories hosted on [Bitbucket Cloud](https://bitbucket.org) with Sourcegraph so that users can search and navigate the repositories.

To set this up, add Bitbucket Cloud as an external service to Sourcegraph:

1. Go to **User menu > Site admin**.
1. Open the **External services** page.
1. Press **+ Add external service**.
1. In the list, select **Bitbucket.org repositories**.
1. Enter a **Display name** (using "Bitbucket Cloud" is OK).
1. Configure the connection to Bitbucket Cloud in the JSON editor. Use Cmd/Ctrl+Space for completion, and [see configuration documentation below](#configuration).
1. Press **Add external service**.

## Repository syncing

Currently, all repositories belonging the user configured will be synced.

In addition, there is one more field for configuring which repositories are mirrored:

> - [`teams`](bitbucket_cloud.md#configuration)<br>A list of teams whose repositories should be selected.

Reviewer: It might also be worth adding something about which teams can be synced. For example, if the username used for configuration does not have access to a specific team, the repositories within that team will not be synced - correct?

```suggestion
- [`teams`](bitbucket_cloud.md#configuration)<br>A list of teams that the configured user has access to whose repositories should be synced.
```

### HTTPS cloning

> Sourcegraph by default clones repositories from your Bitbucket Cloud via HTTP(S), using the username and app password you provide in the configuration. The [`username`](bitbucket_cloud.md#configuration) and [`appPassword`](bitbucket_cloud.md#configuration) fields are always used when cloning, so they are required.

Reviewer: Is there a way to not clone over HTTPS? If there is not, I would perhaps rephrase "by defualt" which implies that there is a way to circumvent:

```suggestion
Sourcegraph clones repositories from your Bitbucket Cloud via HTTP(S), using the [`username`](bitbucket_cloud.md#configuration) and [`appPassword`](bitbucket_cloud.md#configuration) required fields you provide in the configuration.
```
